hello better but neither on this nor the points
main on the china theory a lot
often there is the text the question
especially pumpkin when it was founded
alterio mobile therefore a question
as usual for all the others
information to take the test I put
registration linking if you have problems i
doubts asks in the comments now let's see
a cellular theory therefore what are i
fundamental points fundamental points
precisely to define the shooting cycle
they are essentially three
these three points came
introduced by various scientists who
in fact they studied a la
in fact the cellular jury that
what he says affirms practically various
points first of all states that
living beings are formed by one or more
cells every sky in fact derives from one
pre-existing cell and one in the cell is
precisely an organizational unit and a
tone but these are the main ones
features
the decline in cell phones came
coined by English physicist Robert Hooke
this happened in 1665 as it did
to observe in this it is voted mild
practically the microscope and observed
of the cork effects booms
cork what cork is
remember that practically the portion
external of the
of the tree of the quercus
suber that in fact forms this
structure that precisely takes the number
of exceeds and it is precisely then what
it is used to make too many
so he just looks at these
thin slices of Sumerian look what
he practically identical with some
small structures that were anyway
distinct from each other and that
they seemed apparently empty
and they looked like small cells from
here he defined the term
precisely what cell I associate it with
these issues not associated with the fact that
this excellent practically
they looked like cells
this is said of the gods practically
monastic convents and therefore he himself
with this term what did he do in
actually a cook had observed not so much
the cell but only the cell in
toto but only the relative of
these cells dead cork cells
so only the wall
in fact they had not registered or gods
organs and even less so the profit
at the beginning on the cellular action you have to
remember this aspect came precisely
described by hulk in 1665 describing
of the ft cork fruit observed at
microscope and did not observe just in
nuclei or organs but will be the wall
mobile phone
so if you happen to antes what you need
the cell wall the nucleus i
organs you have to tell me a cellular part
don't get confused so this is the
first important historical point to be able to
define the cell theory instead
so let's remember some of that
not defined in the cinema as it is alive but
just like cell phones to the point like
essentially this structure
particular the next step for the
definition of cell theory
happens around precisely at 1800 1830 38
and 39 what happened in these years
practically in these years it goes down
iphone thanks also to the fact that
microscopes perfected what
It just happens that these two happen
scientists who actually are
considered the real authors of the
a cellphone what they did
they identified the unit in the cell
present in all living beings
moon in vegetables and one in animals
therefore in the seedlings the animals in the
vegetable shine
so if to the test and ask you who it was
the real founder of the canvases
cellular these two jean scientists
in animals and shane in plants
so this is the characteristic
essential
finally the last fundamental step for
being able to mint the cellular pulls happened
when when the rude birkhoff that is
practically considered the most doctor
important of the nineteenth century when for
example RAI studies
some pathologies especially in
general pathology you will find virco
everywhere for example the signs of a
inflammation was indeed introduced
from virus therefore really a genius of the
in fact, remember that medicine
was the pioneer of concepts from
modern cellular pathology e
especially from the pathogenesis of
diseases therefore truly a genius for
as far as the theory is concerned
cell phone we saw that there are
then these three points
the last point I was telling myself about
collection has precisely ceased in 1855 and
what he did practically he concluded
that every cell is practically born of
another cell for existing then for
the mobile pulls you have to remember these
three points
cook discovered these cells that later
they were the peers of the cell phones to which he gave
the name point to choose because the
resembled what they were
excellent scenes are precisely thanks
to the improvement of microscopes
they just described that all the plants
all animals respectively are
formed by cells finally virco precisely
the third important historical stage
define precisely that the cells
they were indeed oven doors and derived from
pre existing cells so this is
this is what I always like
following decrees like me like me
I won't wait for ten more mica
channel to stay updated and see me
visit the inter registration because it is
just find all the information
also to take the test
bye, see you soon